Estimated Mortality Increases During the COVID-19 Pandemic by Socioeconomic Status, Race, and Ethnicity
A study of the extent and potential causes of alternative employment arrangements
Why do Employers Retrain At-Risk Workers? The Role of Social Capital
Determinants and Outcomes of Employee Selection Procedures
Are Franchises Bad Employers? Industrial and Labor Relations Review
Should Taxes Be Based on Lifetime Income? 
Workers' Decisions to Take-Up Offered Health Insurance Coverage: Assessing the Importance of Out-of-Pocket Premium Cost
A Closer Look at the Managed Care Backlash
The Effect of SCHIP Expansions on Health Insurance Decisions by Employers
Generosity and Adjusted Premiums in Job-Based Insurance: Hawaii is up, Wyoming is down
Resident perceptions of crime: How much is “bias” and how much is micro-neighborhood effects?
Neighborhood structure and crime and disorder as a case in point
Parity for Whom? Exemptions and the Extent of State Mental Health Parity Legislation
Tax-Subsidies for Out-of-Pocket Health Care Costs
The Health Insurance Status of Low-Wage Workers:  The Role of Workplace Composition and Marital Status
Will They Stay? Foreign-Born Out-Migration from New U.S. Destinations
Pioneer Settlement Patterns of U.S. Immigrants: Characteristics of Places and Settlers
Elderly Asian and Hispanic Foreign- and Native-Born Living Arrangements: Accounting for Differences
New Immigrant Destinations: Group Diversity in Settlement and Internal Migration
Migration, International
The Employee Costs of Corporate Bankruptcy
Three Essays in Corporate Finance
Finding a Needle in a Haystack: The Theoretical and Empirical Foundations of Assessing Disclosure Risk for Contextualized Microdata
Long-Term Benefits to Indigenous Communities of Extractive Industry Partnerships: Evaluating the Red Dog Mine
Restructuring of the Financial Industry: The Disappearance of Locally Owned Traditional Financial Services in Rural America
Racial/Ethnic Transition and Hierarchy Among Ascending Neighborhoods
Employer-Sponsored Insurance Offers: Largely Stable in 2014 Following ACA Implementation
Employer-sponsored insurance offers: largely stable in 2014 following ACA implementation
Union, Premium Cost, and the Provision of Employment-Based Health Insurance
How Destructive is Innovation?
The volume of TV advertisements during the ACA’s first enrollment period was associated with increased insurance coverage
Medicare Savings Program Enrollees and Eligible Non-Enrollees
What Would It Take to Desegregate U.S. Metropolitan Areas? Pathways to Residential Desegregation
The Effects of Organizational, Community, and State Regulatory Characteristics on Texas Oil and Gas Extraction Facility Venting and Flaring Practices
Wasting Natural Resources: A Quantitative Analysis of Texas Oil and Gas Venting and Flaring Practices
Pandemic Recession: L- or V-Shaped?
Hispanic Families in Assisted Housing
Minority- and immigrant-owned small businesses and employer-sponsored health insurance
Estimate of childhood overweight and obesity at the region, state and county levels: a multilevel small area estimation approach
Residential Mobility and Persistently Depressed Voting among Disadvantaged Adults in a Large Housing Experiment
QFR code
Texas-Style Exclusion: Mexican Americans and the Legacy of Limited Opportunity
A Gendered (R)evolution: Intergenerational Educational Attainment Among Children of Immigrants Across the Twentieth Century
Leapfrogging the Melting Pot? European Immigrants’ Intergenerational Mobility Across the 20th Century
Vintage Heterogeneity Among Mexican Americans
Variation in Local School Contexts among American Children, 1918-1958
Improving Estimates of Neighborhood Change with Constant Tract Boundaries